girls all big big hello with
you again i'm olga and in this video i want
tell you about your next order
from a company favorite so who
I wonder what kind of video of course
stay with me and the first thing
I will show it to be such a palette
for makeup the makeup of this palette is included
three shades of blush and even lip shadows
pomade
this trip is a very good option for
traveling because she is very
small and compact night complain
Rouge is a very beautiful peach
shade with a lot of golden
spangle
but these golden sparkles are only visible
with artificial light bring
old lighting these rouge were
almost dull but slightly
notice this in principle to me they
really liked
despite what you might think
that they are pretty bright but on the face
they were very bright and saturated
the following is such here
dark brown matte shadows from all of you
give no and like no more shade
everything he is very bright good
pigmented it is easily dialed on
the brush is well tolerated on the nickname and
good stew
the next shade is that you
light beige with mother of pearl and
many silver and gold
sequin this shade it is not us
liked a little less than 1 because
what's typed he is good
new with the shading it almost erased
so unfortunately I did n't like him
very and the last shade of this such
colors brown with silver large
glitter he also typed notice
well tolerated for ages well too
on when the shading is erased so that
make up in this subject shades
shadows
try but here's the most to me
liked this dark brown
shade and the last is such here
lipstick you might think that
she is very bright very so saturated
in fact on the lips she looks like
balm or gloss on the lips of new cleaning
imperceptibly so the trip is basically me
really liked it as i said
very good option for travel
for travel
since in principle , watering is possible here
make a full makeup
if that i show it will be like this
here's a hand cream paradise islands composition
this cream includes thai flower name
this manga
I had such a shower gel so I
already knew what it would smell like
cream and of course I enjoy it
ordered , the cream is very nice like me
already I talked about shower gel in
this cream is similar to the smell is not here
one hundred percent fruit aroma
mango
As for the consistency of the cream, it is
not dense it is even more so
watery liquid cream is very
quickly absorbed into the skin of the hands it is very
sparingly because here
see she carried a small amount
cream on hand but it was enough for me
absolutely the entire surface of the hand so
that creamy enough for a long time
concerns its moisturizing properties then me
they also pleased the cream very well
moisturize the skin of the hands and also very well
and softens the reception was pleased mukla
I was advised to you by the investigator that I
bought it again this
here is a bio arctic shampoo with extracts
let's cloudberries
I think that about this shampoo I
I tell almost every video about
Ordering a faberlic, I can say that shampoo
very cool go ordering girls
said the fourth time after his hair
smooth shiny and obedient as well
after his hair is a very long time
stay clean especially i like
use this siton shampoo with
the same balm for hair in general
shampoo very cool tips for you
be sure to try it in
exactly that you will not be disappointed and sure
that you will like it and the following that I
it has acquired such a balm for
lips and all winter
despite the fact that the castle be called
winter but it fits very well also
for other times of the year it is especially
good for fall and spring
but it can also be used in summer
I almost used this balm before
the end here I have left quite a bit
a little bit and i'm absolutely sure that
Once and finally winter necessarily will get
imagine one more such balm than me
I liked it so much but firstly it is very
well moisturizes and softens lips
secondly it has a very pleasant aroma and
third
purification of such comfort and
moisture content on the dome is maintained on
all day so i stayed
just really happy is one of
the best balms that I generally
once used so too
I advise you to try it
and the next matte will show this here
Here is a faberlic holographic varnish for me
I also really liked me
It turned out such a very successful order
As for that, it is not enough for him
beautiful shade but that's exactly what he
holographic noticeable only when
artificial lighting or the sun
when find out just the room then Allah
beautiful shade of him but not visible that
holographic can say no
also really liked the fact that the varnish is very
dries quickly while you paint 2 arm 1
the hand is already completely dry it is very and
very comfortable also with varnish pretty
dense coating
And I put 2 layers because here in 2
layer
he looks just perfect so
In principle , these two remain as pretty
his stand among the two or three days in general
like any average varnish
I can advise him too
and the last thing I'll show it here
such is the perfumed vodichka
which is called don finch
she didn't like it either
because she is very, very cool
the aroma is very so tender fresh
spring citrus fragrance here to me
it seems this smell is one hundred percent
the smell of such a fresh orange is very
cool flavor just insanely not
liked his not very firmness
big where for two or three hours but principle
this is enough for me especially since
on clothes this scent keeps
much longer so too he me
I liked it too and I can advise it
in general girls it was all my order
from the faberlik company so if you
I liked this video do not forget
put your finger up and subscribe to
my channel everybody have a good day everybody
good mood with you was all Olya
until